**General Services Administration**<br>
Federal Acquisition Service<br>
Technology Transformation Services<br>
18F and Office of Acquisitions<br>
1800 F St. NW | Washington, DC | 20405

Assisted Acquisition on Behalf of the Office of Head Start (OHS), within the Administration for Children and Families, U.S. Department of Health and Human Services.

Office of Head Start Training and Teachnical Assistance Data Platform

# Request for Quote

**From:** Brian Burns, Contracting Officer (CO), General Services Administration (GSA), Central Office, Office of Acquisitions
**Issued for:** GSA, FAS, Technology Transformation Services (TTS), 18F
**Subject:** Request for Quotation (RFQ)
**Date:** April 15, 2020
**Set-aside:** Total Small Business 
**Contract vehicles:** GSA Schedule Schedule IT 70; SIN 132 51 (information technology professional services) 

All clauses, terms and conditions of the schedule holder’s contract apply / flow down to this solicitation and resultant task order contract. In the event of a conflict between the schedule contract and an order, the terms and conditions of the schedule contract prevail. 

## Deadlines and response formats

| Item | Date responses due | Format |
| ------------- | ------------- | ------------- |
| RFQ Questions | MONTH DD, 2020 at noon, Eastern Time | Google Form (see section 9.0 for details) |
| Quote Submission | MONTH DD, 2020 at noon, Eastern Time | Google Form to include Google Doc (technical submission) and Google Sheet (price submission) as attachments (see section 9.0 for details) |

## Government Point of Contact

Contracting Officer: Brian Burns
Contracting Office: _General Services Administration, Federal Acquisition Service, Technology Transformation Services, Office of Acquisition_
Email: brian.burns@gsa.gov
Correspondence: _Any emails related to this RFQ shall use the email subject heading “RFQ12345 - [Contractor’s Name]”_

## Important Dates, Times, and Posting Information

RFQ Posting Date: April 27, 2020
RFQ Closing Date: May 26, 2020 
RFQ Posting Location: GitHub and emailed 
Questions Due: May 11, 2020
Government to Answer Questions: May 18, 2020
Posting Location for Answers: _Answers will be issued via an amendment and will be emailed_
Communications During RFQ Posting: _The only method by which any terms and conditions of this RFQ may be changed is by a formal amendment generated by the Contracting Officer (CO). No other communication made whether oral or in writing will modify or supersede the terms of the RFQ. All communication related to the RFQ shall be directed to the CO via email._

## Introduction

The Head Start program promotes school readiness for children under 5 years old from low-income families. HHS's Administration for Children and Families (ACF)’s Office of Head Start (OHS) oversees grant funding to local agencies providing Head Start services. OHS’s federal oversight responsibilities require significant grants management and a robust system of Training and Technical Assistance (TTA), designed to strengthen grantee performance in accordance with federal standards so every enrolled child is prepared for success in school. However, TTA data collection is fragmented, and data is housed in 27 disconnected platforms, including a limited and unscalable legacy system.

OHS is engaging 18F to help OHS procure a centralized system for relevant TTA data, to track and analyze their work through a combined Path Analysis and Experimentation and Iteration approach, with the potential to also execute an assisted acquisition (this RFQ effort). OHS is engaging 18F to help them identify and define the scope of the procurement for a new, modular TTA platform.

For more insights into the prototyping work 18F is doing as we help set the groundwork for a vendor to take on this work, see our [project repository](https://github.com/18F/Head-Start-TTA). For more information on why we prototype prior to procurement, [our Forest Service team wrote up the importance of discovery research](https://18f.gsa.gov/2017/06/22/why-discovery-research-matters-for-modular-procurement/) and we've also written up a blog about why it's [generally a good practice.](https://18f.gsa.gov/2018/01/30/getting-prepared-to-prototype/)

## RFQ Table of Contents

1. [Background and Purpose](Final_Request_for_Quotes.md#10-background-and-purpose)
2. [Scope](Final_Request_for_Quotes.md#20-scope)
3. [Objectives](Final_Request_for_Quotes.md#30-objectives)
4. [Place of Performance and Contract Type](Final_Request_for_Quotes.md#40-contract-place-of-performance-and-contract-type)
5. [Operating Constraints (Non-functional Requirements)](Final_Request_for_Quotes.md#50-operating-constraints-non-functional-requirements)
6. [Administration](Final_Request_for_Quotes.md#60-administration)
7. [Submittal Instructions and Evaluation](Final_Request_for_Quotes.md#70-submittal-instructions-and-evaluation)

## Contributing

See [CONTRIBUTING](CONTRIBUTING.md) for additional information.
